[TW-520] Doc Azure DevOps Git integration requires third-party access (#4093)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/versioning-an-api/using-external-git-repo.md

You can connect an API to your remote Git-based repository, at the API level. This enables you to continuously synchronize changes between the repository and Postman. Versions and release tags are then synchronized between Postman and your Git repo.

> Keep in mind the following when connecting to a repository:

Reviewer: This is probably a style guide discussion, but maybe "consider" instead of "keep in mind" on the basis that it's simpler/less colloquial? (Or maybe "remember"?) 

```suggestion
Consider the following when connecting to a repository:
```

Author: Personally, I think "keep in mind" sounds friendlier, and in doing a quick search I found many examples of its usage in documentation from Apple, Google, and Microsoft. While I agree we want our styles to reflect simpler language, I also think we want to avoid our language getting too stuffy or formal sounding.  I'm going to leave it here for now, but I added it to the backlog for discussion. Thanks for bringing it up! 😄
